I just think this long-distance
relationship of yours
-is so romantic.
-Oh.
There's a Chinese proverb
that says,
"Fate brings people together
no matter how far apart
they may be."
-Oh, Jen. Oh, that's so sweet.
-Mm.
The Chinese have
such beautiful sayings,
-don't they?
-Oh.
Yeah,
and then some stupid American
will tattoo it on their neck.
(chuckling)
No, Jen's right, Mom.
You have never seemed happier.
Oh, well,
it's all thanks to Edward.
-Ooh. Mwah.
-Oh, come on, come on.
What can I say?
The woman fills the hole
in my heart.
Aw.
Thought that was a stent.
You can fill the hole in my face
with that piece of pie.
No, you know what, Mom?
It just...
It feels like you're
a totally different person.
You know?
I mean, wining, dining,
flying across the country
to see your boyfriend.
You've really blossomed.
Yeah. No, I do.
I feel more independent.
For years, I-I lived
for my husband and my children,
-and now I'm finally living
for myself, you know?
-Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
-Well, it's a celebration.
Let's have some pie.
Oh.
Bonnie, I'm sorry.
We have to be going, actually.
-Come on.
-Oh, dear.
Yeah, my-my flight
to Connecticut is tomorrow.
-So sorry.
-Oh!
-No, no. Uh...
Well, you know what?
No. No worries, Mom.
You know,
we'll-we'll just have pie
when you come back into town.
Listen, I'm-I'm gonna be
a little late tomorrow morning.
I'm taking Bonnie out
for a farewell brunch.
Well, you've been late seven
days this week. Why stop there?
(chuckles)
Bye. Bye, Mom.
-See you, guys.
-(chuckles)
You know,
I love that I get to say this,
but I'm really gonna miss
my mom when she leaves.
Yeah. I really miss Ed
while she's here.
Oh, stop. Stop.
You know, so what if,
while she's visiting,
he's a little distracted?
-It's sweet.
-He's more than distracted.
He's head over heels over her,
and that's not good for a guy
with an inner ear problem.
All right, well, yeah.
All I know is
I have never seen her happier.
I hope I can find something
like that after you die.
That's sweet.
You should put that
on a Valentine's card.
-(laughs)
-Listen, I just think Ed needs
-a little more balance
with this stuff,
-Ah.
-so I'm gonna give him
a little talk today.
-Oh, no.
-Mi-Michael Baxter,
don't you dare.
-What?
-I'm just gonna talk to him.
Just... I'm just gonna talk...
-No, no.
Do not interfere! This is
not one of those situations
where you get to...
-Play piano?
-No, no, no.
It's-it's what you always do.
The...
-Massage a monkey?
-No.
It's being a puppeteer.
-That's not a puppeteer.
-Yes.
Puppet's like this.
Wooden slats.
Finger, fingers.
Bring in another puppet.
Yeah. I'm the puppet master.
*
CHUCK:
Ed's on his way up.
He's taking a long time,
because he's literally stopping
to smell the roses.
That guy actually makes me want
to hate love.
And people are starting to
complain about all the hugging.
I don't want to say who,
but it's me.
All right. It's becoming
a problem here at work,
-and I will have a talk
with him.
-Mm.
Good, 'cause I'm thinking
about getting him some slippers
so I can hear him coming.
You know, the old man shuffle.
(mimics shuffling sounds)
(Mike chuckles)
That sounds exactly like
my grandpa.
Good memories.
-Bring 'em in.
-Aw.
Hey!
Bring it out, man. Yes.
Mike, there's only one drug
that can make you feel
like you're walking on air
and sunshine.
Yeah. LSD.
No.
L-U-V.
Yeah, about your relationship
with Bonnie--
it's becoming
kind of a burden to others.
I'm creating problems at work.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no, it's okay,
it's okay.
You and Bonnie are doing great,
and I don't want to change that.
-But it's not okay.
-Oh.
You know, when you see someone
once a week every month,
you know,
you want to take advantage
of every second. It's...
-I understand. And, again,
I don't want to change that,
-Yes. Yeah.
but... I want to change that.
I'll talk to Bonnie while
I'm driving her to the airport.
-Hey, you don't have to.
-All right? Yeah. Huh?
-But you have to.
-(stammering)
And with that,
your system is up and running.
The finest in home security that
I had left over in my garage.
(phone chimes)
-Wh-What was that?
-Oh, that's the security app
letting you know
someone's in your apartment.
Hey, it's us.
-Mandy, wave.
-(Chuck laughs)
Oh, no. No, no.
The-the camera's
in the smoke detector.
Hi, Kyle.
Whoa, I can even hear you.
(Chuck laughs)
O-Okay, so, uh, when you want
to set the alarm, all you...
Okay, when you want to turn
the alarm on...
When you... Guys, look at me!
When you want to set the alarm,
all you have to do
is push "command, 3."
-Okay?
-All right. Got it.
-Hey, thanks, Mr. Larabee.
-Uh, you're welcome.
-We really appreciate it.
-Yeah.
Don't we, honey?
Mandy.
Mandy. Mandy, look at me!
Uh, sorry.
Thank you so much.
Uh, most people have the camera
off when they're home, but...
you guys do what you want.
Do I hear dessert?
I made douhua.
What is it?
It is a traditional pudding
from Hong Kong.
MIKE:
Huh.
Still dessert, right?
-Mmm. Mmm!
-Mm. Yeah.
I like that.
Yeah, it's creamy. And sweet.
But it's not too sweet.
It's made with tofu.
Oh.
You tricked me.
Are you proud of yourself?
-Vanessa?
-VANESSA: Mom!
What are you doing here? You're
gonna be late for your flight.
Something happened,
and I thought it would be best
to tell you in person.
Did something happen
with Grandma? (stammers)
-She's so young.
-N...
She's 99.
No, it's...
-Grandma's fine.
-Oh, good.
99 isn't that old.
A lot of people live longer
than that in Hong Kong,
because we have
better health care.
But... yay, USA.
(exhales)
Mom, what? What?
Bonnie and I
are no longer dating.
-What?
-Well, Ed told me
that it was causing problems
for you at work, so...
Why would you say that?
As I said before,
we're no longer dating...
Because...
we're getting married.
You tricked us.
You proud of yourselves?
-You're getting married?
-Yes.
Isn't it crazy?
Totally.
(chuckles)
The correct response would be,
"Congratulations."
Yes, yes, of course.
Yes, uh, congratulations.
I am so happy.
Oh, I have to call Mom.
She won't know who I am,
but she loves weddings.
It's just... Okay.
Thanks, Mike.
This never would have happened
without you.
He keeps saying that.
You know,
I'd like to say, "Young love,"
-but that ain't it.
-(sighs)
You couldn't help yourself,
could you, Mike?
I asked you to do one thing--
not to mess with
my mom's relationship with Ed.
I just talked to him about work.
I didn't want you
to talk to him at all.
Well, how do we know
this is even my fault?
Maybe they're covering
the real problem.
Like what?
Maybe your mom's pregnant.
Oh, God.
(exhales)
No. My-my mom was finally
standing on her own two feet,
and now she's just been swept
off them.
I know. It's because
he's been married four times.
Uh, look, that he's been
married four times
doesn't bother me--
it's the four divorces.
Well, he didn't want
to get divorced.
I'm sure
he would rather they died.
Honey,
-people change. You know that.
-No.
No, look, if Ed
was marrying somebody else,
I could sit back
and root for him.
-But this is my mother.
-I know.
It's my mother. It's not a risk
I want her to take.
Well, what are we supposed
to do about it?
(sighs)
Well, you-you should talk to Ed.
Isn't that how we got here
-in the first place?
-(groans)
Look, if Ed divorces my mom,
it will kill her.
It will kill her,
which will kill me.
And, trust me,
it won't stop there.
Just want to install
this low-flow showerhead.
It's gonna save us hundreds.
I mean, you know how much
the two of them wash their hair.
-(screams) Oh, my God!
-What? Wh-What happened?
(stammers) I saw a mouse!
He ran under the sink!
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, I-I believe you.
-I don't have to look. Thanks.
-Oh...
Ew, we have mice.
Mandy and Kyle
are gonna freak out.
(sighs) Okay. Well, they're
not moving in for a few weeks,
so I will deal with it.
Oh, babe,
it's right here on the counter.
Oh.
(chuckles)
My grandma used to say
I'd lose my head
if it wasn't attached
by my thyroid, cartilage,
C7 and T1 vertebrae.
(phone chimes)
Hey, it's our security system.
Oh, it's Ryan and Kristin.
I promise
I will get rid of them.
What? Is he talking about us?
Yeah, I feel gross just knowing
that they're up here,
with their beady little eyes.
-They make me sick.
-It's too bad,
-'cause they're kind of cute.
-(scoffs)
No, they're not.
They're disgusting.
And they leave their poop
everywhere!
No!
This is, like,
the meanest reality show ever.
Turn it off.
-I'm really upset.
-Me, too.
I'm gonna go wash my hair.
Hey, save me some conditioner.
-Hey, Ed.
-Hmm?
There's a new
Mission: Impossible movie out.
You know what the problem
with those movies are?
Yeah, they all end the same way.
So why are you
getting married again?
Oh, you're diving right in,
aren't you, Mike?
-Yeah, you know,
I'm just wondering
-Yeah.
if you really
thought this through, pal.
Oh, I have.
I'm in love with the woman.
I know you are.
So does everybody
within hugging range.
Why not just keep things
the way they are?
Because things the way they are
means there are 1,800 miles
between us.
-Okay?
-I know.
But I'm just going by
the previous four marriages.
Seems to me,
being in the same house
didn't prove to be the charm.
You know, Bonnie is a woman
of class, of character,
and she deserves
to be treated as such.
She's not some floozy,
some tart,
or some dance hall girl.
Can we leave the golden age
of jazz just for a moment?
Listen...
(grunts)
you know how many times
Bonnie's been married? Once.
And it was one of those "till
death do us part" marriages.
This has to be
the real deal, Ed.
You think I haven't thought
about that?
I guess I would feel
a lot better
hearing you say that you have.
You know,
I'm finding it very hard
not to feel insulted right now.
I'm just coming from the fact
I was your best man
at the last four
Mission: Impossible movies.
Well, maybe you'll just have
to sit this one out.
MIKE:
Hey, guys, come on in.
-Hi.
-BONNIE: Yeah.
-Yeah.
Vanessa, always a delight
to see you.
Sir.
So, what is this about, honey?
Please, come on in, guys,
sit down.
Everybody, come on and sit down.
Uh... well, looks like
there's been a lot of talk
about Bonnie and Ed's
relationship
behind closed doors.
There has? Wow.
Who-who's-who's been talking?
Well, I, for one. And...
It would appear just me.
Well, I was behind one
of those doors when you made
your opinion about my
shortcomings abundantly clear.
Wait, Michael.
Do you... do you have a problem
with Ed and me getting married?
Let's just say
there's a problem,
and I'm the one talking
about it.
Unless somebody else wants
to join in.
Well, I don't think anybody else
has a problem, Mike.
It would appear that way.
And yet...
And yet what?
-Really? Is that it?
-Oh, fine, fine.
Look, it-it was me;
I-I have the problem.
-Really?
-You?
My apologies, Mike.
Apparently, I was angry
at the wrong viper.
I am worried about my mom, Ed.
She's finally happy.
Well, I'm sorry I made
your mother happy.
I'm a horrible man.
Yeah, but you made four
other women happy, as well,
and then you divorced them.
Which only made them happier.
Look, my mother is finally doing
what she wants,
and I don't want her
to just throw that away.
I see.
You-you don't want Ed
to dictate how I live my life.
-Yes, exactly.
-Because you want to.
What? No, no, Mom.
Honey, honey, it does seem
that that's what you're saying.
I said "honey."
For your information,
I was the one who proposed
to Ed.
You did?
Yes.
And there were some conditions.
One being that we live here
so that I could be close
to my daughter.
Oh. Oh, wh... (stammering)
Oh, see, this is why
I wanted us to talk.
I am in control of my life,
and I have no intention
of giving that up to anyone.
-(sighs) Now, Eddie?
-Hmm?
-I am hungry...
-Yes. Mm-hmm.
...and I would like you
to take me to dinner.
Very good. I have a few words
to say to Vanessa first.
-Edward!
-Y-Yes, dear. Right away.
Isn't she magnificent, huh?
-(door closes)
-VANESSA: Mm.
This is a time for pie.
(knocking on door)
Hey, got your text.
Oh, did you, Ryan?
Did you get my text?
Hey, Mandy, he got my text.
Isn't that nice.
Good for you, Ryan.
Uh, are you guys okay?
You seem upset.
Oh, just upset?
Not filthy? Not gross?
Okay, you know what?
Why don't, um...
why don't we have this
conversation downstairs?
Oh, wow, you just can't wait
to get us out of here, can you?
Yeah, let's get to it,
Ryan, okay?
We know you and Kristin's
little secret.
Oh, boy. (sighs)
How'd you find out?
Yeah. See that smoke detector?
It's a camera.
And a smoke detector.
Sometimes a security system
protects you from people
you already know.
Hey, hon. Oh, hey, guys.
What?
They installed
a security camera, Kris.
They know everything.
Oh, no. Ooh.
So they saw I put out
some poison?
-Wha...
-Poison?
Oh, my God.
I know it sounds inhumane,
but really,
it's just the quickest way
to get it over with.
Well, that's thoughtful, Ryan,
but still horrible.
I mean, if Ryan wasn't
so squeamish about it,
I would've run over and grabbed
one of Dad's guns.
(gasps)
Uh, couldn't you just ask us
to leave?
Ask you to leave? No, the whole
point is to keep you in here.
Wha... Wha... Behind the wall?
Uh, hold up. I'm sorry.
(chuckling)
What exactly do you guys think
is going on here?
Oh, we know what's going on.
You want to get rid of us
because we broke
one tiny cabinet.
What? No. No, no. (chuckling)
We... we found a mouse,
and we were trying
to get rid of it
before you guys moved in.
All right, nice try. A mouse.
Because mice are "filthy,"
and they "poop everywhere,"
and you "use poison to get rid
of..." Oh, it is a mouse.
So... you don't want to kill us?
Not before this conversation.
(chuckles) Hang on.
-You broke a cabinet?
-Wha...
Honey, honey. No, no, it's fine.
We'll fix it, okay?
The important thing
is there is no one
we would rather have living here
than you two.
She's right. You know what?
Everything is cool.
And I promise
I will get rid of the mouse
-before you guys move in.
-No, no, no,
don't get rid of it.
Maybe it'll become friends
with the one that we keep here.
(both laughing)
Knock, knock.
Viper who?
No, I didn't say viper.
I, uh, uh, n-never mind.
Um...
Look, I uh...
I brought a peace offering.
-Ah.
-Yeah.
It's-it's scotch.
I was hoping maybe
we could "tape"
our relationship back together.
Is that supposed
to make me feel better?
Well, booze and a pun--
what's not to like?
All right, look, Ed, um...
I never should have questioned
your commitment to my mom.
You suggest a man doesn't
deserve the love of his life...
and you think a bottle of scotch
is gonna make things right?
Well, I was hoping so. I-I mean,
I-I have another bottle
in the car if you think
it's gonna take two.
That really hurt, Vanessa.
I know. I know.
I-I'm... I'm so sorry.
Look, I... I was just trying
to protect my mom from...
I-I mean, I didn't want her
to get into a... (stammering)
I mean, yeah, I... yeah, I was
just trying to protect my mom.
Look, I know my track record.
All right?
I wanted to propose
to your mother three months ago.
Hmm? Well, what stopped you?
My track record.
In the past, I decided
to get married on impulse.
And so, so why did you do things
differently this time?
I didn't.
Your mother did.
VANESSA:
Mm.
For months, I agonized,
wondering if I really deserved
that woman, and I'll be damned
if she didn't propose to me.
(chuckling) Gosh, I just...
I can't picture my mother
doing that.
She took a knee
in the restaurant.
Three waiters ran over
to help her up.
Other than that,
the service was slow.
If you had doubts, Ed,
why did you say yes?
Well, I was just hoping your...
your mother's judgment
was better than mine.
So, you see, we both have
the same doubts.
It's just easier for me
to be mad at you about them.
Well, maybe we're both wrong.
But, look, this time
is already different.
How so?
Well, you broke the pattern.
You wanted to be impulsive,
but-but you waited.
-Hmm, I did, didn't I?
-Yeah.
Oh, may-maybe I've grown.
Maybe I'm finally learning
from my past.
Okay, yeah, well...
let's go with that.
All right.
You're a good friend, Vanessa.
Uh... (clears throat)
Or you're just buttering me up
because I'm going to be
your stepfather.
You are really gonna hate
the boy I'm seeing.
Thank you.
Oh, bring it in.
-(chuckling)
-There you go. Mm.
Ah, I'm sorry about the cologne.
It's Chuck's.
Hmm.
Now, speaking
of breaking patterns...
how would you like to be
my best man?
Mike's always your best man.
Yeah, I know.
I'm just thinking that maybe...
maybe he's the jinx.
Hey, Mike Baxter here
for Outdoor Man.
They say it's a dog's life.
A dog-eat-dog world.
Put a poodle in a tuxedo,
they call it "doggie style."
But you can't teach
an old dog new tricks.
We spend way too much time
thinking about dogs.
What people should be doing
is making sure
they can learn new tricks,
that they can change.
German philosopher
Georg Hegel wrote,
"We learn from history that we
do not learn from history."
Smart guy who wrote nothing
about dogs.
Maybe he was right when it comes
to countries and cultures,
but I know for a fact
that individuals can change.
I've got a buddy who drove
a half-ton pickup for 26 years.
You know what he drives now?
A three-quarter-ton pickup.
See? Change.
And maybe the reason
I have such deep faith
that people can alter
the course of their lives
is because
I've experienced it myself.
If you don't believe me, I've
got some pictures to show you
of a young hippy named Mike,
who... (chuckles)
who thought George McGovern
should be president.
(inhales) Sure.
Took me a second to figure out
that dog just wasn't gonna hunt.
Baxter out.
(chicken clucks)
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH